CC-38071 Purchasing Control (Budget & Cost Centers) (#3688)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/cart-and-checkout/latest/base-shop/feature-overviews/purchasing-control-feature-overview.md

| ROLE | CAPABILITIES |
| --- | --- |

> | Company Admin (Back Office) | Create, update, activate, and deactivate cost centers. Assign cost centers to business units. Create and manage budgets with amount, period, currency, and enforcement rule. View the **Cost Center** column in the orders table. Filter and search orders by cost center and budget. View spend-vs-budget reports. Export reports to CSV. Review the audit log. Import cost centers, budgets, and business unit assignments in bulk using data import. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Site Operator (Back Office) | Create, update, activate, and deactivate cost centers. Assign cost centers to business units. Create and manage budgets with amount, period, currency, and enforcement rule. View the **Cost Center** column in the orders table. Filter and search orders by cost center and budget. View spend-vs-budget reports. Export reports to CSV. Review the audit log. Import cost centers, budgets, and business unit assignments in bulk using data import. |
```
